ContextualMatcher + ADICAP Update (#124)
aphp/edsnlp: docs/pipelines/core/contextual-matcher.md

            name="stage",
            regex=stage,
            window=(-10,10),
            replace_entity=True,
            reduce_mode=None,
        ),
        dict(
            name="metastase",
            regex=metastase,
            window=10,
            replace_entity=False,

>             reduce_mode="keep_fast",

Reviewer: keep_last ?

```suggestion
            reduce_mode="keep_last",
```

patterns = [cancer, lymphome]
```

## Available parameters for more flexibility

3 main parameters can be used to refine how entities will be formed

### The `include_assigned` parameter

Following the previous example, you might want your extracted entities to **include**, if found, the cancer stage and the metastasis status. This can be achieved by setting `include_assigned=True` in the pipe configuration.

For instance, from the sentence "Le patient a un cancer au stade 3", the extracted entity will be:

> - "cancer" if `include_assigned=True`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "cancer" if `include_assigned=False`
```

- "cancer au stade 3" if `include_assigned=True`

### The `reduce_mode` parameter

> It might happend that an assign matches multiple times: For instance, in the (non-sensical) sentence "Le patient a un cancer au stade 3 et au stade 4", both "stade 3" and "stade 4" will be matched by the `stage` assign key. Depending on your use case, you may want to keep all extractions, or only a signle one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may happen that an assignment matches more than once. For instance, in the (nonsensical) sentence "Le patient a un cancer au stade 3 et au stade 4", both "stade 3" and "stade 4" will be matched by the `stage` assign key. Depending on your use case, you may want to keep all the extractions, or just one.
```

The pipeline can be configured using the following parameters :

| Parameter          | Explanation                                                                                                              | Default              |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------- |

> | `patterns`         | Dictionary or List of dictionaries. See below                                                                            |                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `patterns`         | Dictionary or list of dictionaries. See below                                                                            |                      |
```

        A dictionary where keys are labels and values are **Regexes with a single capturing group**

    === "`replace_entity`"

        If set to `True`, the match from the corresponding assign key will be used as entity, instead of the main match. See [this paragraph][the-replace_entity-parameter]

    === "`reduce_mode`"

>         Set how multiple assign matches are handled. See [this paragraph][the-reduce_mode-parameter]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Set how multiple assign matches are handled. See the documentation of the [`reduce_mode` parameter][the-reduce_mode-parameter]
```
